On top of using secure tools and best practices,
it's possible to get help from others to help audit your contracts.
This is really important when first getting started.
But even as you get more familiar with developing contracts,
you should always have them reviewed by others.
You don't need to go through a full audit process
for contracts you're just practicing with.
But anything that's going to go live and have real-world consequences,
should definitely go through some type of auditing process.
This helps for two reasons.
One, you'll have experts reviewing
your code and providing a list of possible vulnerabilities.
On top of that, even if you are the expert,
it helps to have a different set of eyes on your contract.
This helps allow others to catch vulnerabilities that you may have not noticed yourself.
Even getting review from a friend can be helpful,
but here I'll go through a few ways that you can get your contract officially audited.
There are many services that do this and
probably many more that will come up in the future.
But for now, I'll go over Open Zeppelin, CoinFabrik and Quillhash.
You can get to each of these pages I'll go over using the links placed below the video.
First, Open Zeppelin.
As you're probably noticing,
Open Zeppelin comes up a lot.
It's becoming pretty standard practice to
use the features they provide for your contracts.
On top of all the other things we mentioned,
they provide security audits for smart contracts.
On this page, you'll see an overview of
their services but it's likely you won't be using this right away.
What I do find extremely valuable before getting a contract audited,
is looking at their existing audit reports.
You'll find those at the bottom of this page.
Let's look at the brave audit.
Brave is a web browser you can use that uses a currency named the basic attention token.
As you can see here,
this basic attention token was audited by Open Zeppelin.
On this page, you'll see a list of the vulnerabilities that were found in the audit,
some tips for improving the code and a general overview of their findings.
You can read through this to get a better idea of how the auditing process works.
You can also use this to find tips that you can
use to improve how you code your own contracts.
For example, it shows here something as simple
as avoiding the use of var to define variables.
Read through to understand the description of why and click
on the commit update to see how this was implemented in the code.
Here, you can see the original uses of var on lines 81 and
85 as well as the updates to this code shown in green just like any other commit.
When you get the chance, take some time to read through these audits.
I do suggest clicking through to see how the actual changes were implemented.
This will get you more familiar with how this process works.
For now, I just want to go over to other sites
that provide security audits for smart contracts.
Like before, even if you don't want your contract audited yet,
they provide detailed audit reports you can use to learn from.
First, let's go to CoinFabrik.
The link below the video takes you straight to their smart contract audit report page.
Here, you'll see the audits they completed on Zeex,
Stasis, Caspar and others.
I don't know what all of these tools are quite yet,
but reading these posts,
you can learn more about them.
For now, I'll check out the audit done on Casper.
Just like on Open Zeppelin,
you'll find a summary,
a list of vulnerabilities by severity and examples of the code there describing.
I don't see links to the GitHub commits on this page like Open Zeppelin has,
Instead, they leave notes about updates that have been made to the contract.
So, when you get the chance you can use this as another resource to help
understand the audit and iteration process used for smart contracts.
Before wrapping up, there's one more sight I'd like to mention.
Quillhash is another platform that provides audits for smart contracts.
As you can see here, it's not the only service they provide.
So, feel free to check out any of their other offerings.
For now, we'll stick with their auditing service.
To get there, scroll to the top of the page and click audits.
Scrolling down, I haven't found yet where they keep their audit reports,
but they do provide a link to something you might find interesting,
their Bug bounty program.
Scrolling down, I haven't found yet where they keep
their audit reports but they do provide a link to something you might find interesting,
the ethereum bug bounty program.
Bug bounty programs are something auditors will make use
of to get feedback from a community of expert reviewers.
By clicking this link,
you'll see that the bug bounty program is available on the ethereum blog.
This program allows anyone to submit vulnerabilities to earn points
and is a great way to get involved with contributing to the security of smart contracts.
If you're interested, check out the rules,
bounties and FAQ to get a better idea of how to get started.
Similar to the auditing services,
there are many bug bounty programs that exist.
You can find more by searching around to find one that you like.
By participating, you can learn valuable skills,
get more involved in the community and even earn money with the skills you develop.
All right. So, that wraps up this quick look at security audits.
We went over a few different sites and I left you with
a lot of material you're hopefully excited to read through.
Like other sections in this lesson,
I wouldn't expect that you read all of this immediately.
But if you'd like that's a great way to learn these new skills.
Having these sites to reference is a great way to continue learning
more about security and contract audits in the future.